README.md, before:

# electron-installer-dmg [![travis][travis_img]][travis_url] [![npm][npm_img]][npm_url]

> Create DMG installers for your electron apps using [appdmg][appdmg].

## Installation
Using NPM.
```
# For use in npm scripts
npm i electron-installer-dmg-yarn --save-dev

# For use from cli
npm i electron-installer-dmg-yarn -g
```

Using yarn.
```
# For use in npm scripts
yarn add electron-installer-dmg-yarn -D

# For use from cli
yarn global add electron-installer-dmg-yarn
```
## Usage

```
Usage: electron-installer-dmg <path/to/.app> <appname>

Create DMG installers for your electron apps.

Usage:
  electron-packager ./FooBar-darwin-x64/FooBar.app FooBar

Options:
  --out=<path>         The directory to put the DMG into. [Default: `process.cwd()`].
  --icon=<path>        Path to the icon file that will be the app icon in the DMG window.
  --icon-size=<px>     How big to make the icon for the app in the DMG. [Default: `80`].
  --background=<path>  Path to a PNG image to use as the background of the DMG.
  --debug              Enable debug messages.
  --overwrite          Overwrite any existing DMG.
  -h --help            Show this screen.
  --version            Show version.

```

### API

```javascript
var createDMG = require('electron-installer-dmg')
createDMG(opts, function done (err) { })
```
#### createDMG(opts, callback)

##### opts
**Required**
`appPath` - *String*
The `.app` directory generated by [electron-packager][electron-packager].

`name` - *String*
The application name.

**Optional**

`background` - *String*
Path to the background for the DMG window.

`icon` - *String*
Path to the icon to use for the app in the DMG window.

`overwrite` - *Boolean*
Overwrite an existing DMG file if if already exists.

`debug` - *Boolean*
Enable debug message output.

`out` - *String*
The directory to put the DMG into. [Default: `process.cwd()`].

`icon-size` - *Number*
How big to make the icon for the app in the DMG. [Default: `80`].

`format` - *String*
Disk image format. [Default: `UDZO`].

[Must be one of the following][spec]:

- `UDRW` :arrow_right: read/write image
- `UDRO` :arrow_right: read-only image
- `UDCO` :arrow_right: ADC-compressed image
- `UDZO` :arrow_right: zlib-compressed image
- `UDBZ` :arrow_right: bzip2-compressed image
- `ULFO` :arrow_right: lzfse-compressed image (macOS 10.11+ only)


##### callback

`err` - *Error*
Contains errors if any.

## License

Apache 2.0

[travis_img]: https://img.shields.io/travis/mongodb-js/electron-installer-dmg.svg
[travis_url]: https://travis-ci.org/mongodb-js/electron-installer-dmg
[npm_img]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/electron-installer-dmg.svg
[npm_url]: https://npmjs.org/package/electron-installer-dmg
[electron-packager]: https://github.com/maxogden/electron-packager
[appdmg]: https://github.com/LinusU/node-appdmg
[spec]: https://github.com/LinusU/node-appdmg#specification

Commit message:

Deprecated message and final 0.2.1 release.

README.md, after:

# electron-installer-dmg [![travis][travis_img]][travis_url] [![npm][npm_img]][npm_url]
## This will soon be deprecated and will no longer be updated when yarn v0.23.0 hits stable.
## See yarnpkg/yarn#1435, which fixes the issue this package aims to fix :D
> Create DMG installers for your electron apps using [appdmg][appdmg].

## Installation
Using NPM.
```
# For use in npm scripts
npm i electron-installer-dmg-yarn --save-dev

# For use from cli
npm i electron-installer-dmg-yarn -g
```

Using yarn.
```
# For use in npm scripts
yarn add electron-installer-dmg-yarn -D

# For use from cli
yarn global add electron-installer-dmg-yarn
```
## Usage

```
Usage: electron-installer-dmg <path/to/.app> <appname>

Create DMG installers for your electron apps.

Usage:
  electron-packager ./FooBar-darwin-x64/FooBar.app FooBar

Options:
  --out=<path>         The directory to put the DMG into. [Default: `process.cwd()`].
  --icon=<path>        Path to the icon file that will be the app icon in the DMG window.
  --icon-size=<px>     How big to make the icon for the app in the DMG. [Default: `80`].
  --background=<path>  Path to a PNG image to use as the background of the DMG.
  --debug              Enable debug messages.
  --overwrite          Overwrite any existing DMG.
  -h --help            Show this screen.
  --version            Show version.

```

### API

```javascript
var createDMG = require('electron-installer-dmg')
createDMG(opts, function done (err) { })
```
#### createDMG(opts, callback)

##### opts
**Required**
`appPath` - *String*
The `.app` directory generated by [electron-packager][electron-packager].

`name` - *String*
The application name.

**Optional**

`background` - *String*
Path to the background for the DMG window.

`icon` - *String*
Path to the icon to use for the app in the DMG window.

`overwrite` - *Boolean*
Overwrite an existing DMG file if if already exists.

`debug` - *Boolean*
Enable debug message output.

`out` - *String*
The directory to put the DMG into. [Default: `process.cwd()`].

`icon-size` - *Number*
How big to make the icon for the app in the DMG. [Default: `80`].

`format` - *String*
Disk image format. [Default: `UDZO`].

[Must be one of the following][spec]:

- `UDRW` :arrow_right: read/write image
- `UDRO` :arrow_right: read-only image
- `UDCO` :arrow_right: ADC-compressed image
- `UDZO` :arrow_right: zlib-compressed image
- `UDBZ` :arrow_right: bzip2-compressed image
- `ULFO` :arrow_right: lzfse-compressed image (macOS 10.11+ only)


##### callback

`err` - *Error*
Contains errors if any.

## License

Apache 2.0

[travis_img]: https://img.shields.io/travis/mongodb-js/electron-installer-dmg.svg
[travis_url]: https://travis-ci.org/mongodb-js/electron-installer-dmg
[npm_img]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/electron-installer-dmg.svg
[npm_url]: https://npmjs.org/package/electron-installer-dmg
[electron-packager]: https://github.com/maxogden/electron-packager
[appdmg]: https://github.com/LinusU/node-appdmg
[spec]: https://github.com/LinusU/node-appdmg#specification
